Update macOS steps to fix Homebrew information and correct syntax (#4108)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/static/set-up/install-agent-macos.md

## Configuring Grafana Agent

1. To create the Agent `config.yml` file, open a terminal and run the following command:

    ```shell
    touch $(brew --prefix)/etc/grafana-agent/config.yml
    ```

1. Edit `$(brew --prefix)/etc/grafana-agent/config.yml` and add the configuration blocks for your specific telemetry needs. Refer to [Configure Grafana Agent]({{< relref "../configuration/" >}}) for more information.

{{% admonition type="note" %}}
To send your data to Grafana Cloud, set up Grafana Agent using the Grafana Cloud integration. Refer to [how to install an integration](/docs/grafana-cloud/data-configuration/integrations/install-and-manage-integrations/) and [macOS integration](/docs/grafana-cloud/data-configuration/integrations/integration-reference/integration-macos-node/).
{{%/admonition %}}

## Starting Grafana Agent

Open a terminal and run the following command to start Grafana Agent:

```shell
brew services start grafana-agent
```

## Viewing Grafana Agent Logs

By default, logs are written to the following locations:

* `$(brew --prefix)/var/log/grafana-agent.log`
* `$(brew --prefix)/var/log/grafana-agent.err.log`

## Upgrading Grafana Agent

> Open a terminal and run the following command to upgrade Grafana Agent:

Author: ```suggestion
Open a terminal and run the following commands to upgrade and restart Grafana Agent:
```

```shell

> brew upgrade grafana-agent

Author: ```suggestion
brew upgrade grafana-agent
brew services restart grafana-agent
```

>  ```

Reviewer: In my experience, you have to restart the service after upgrading, making the instructions:

```shell
brew upgrade grafana-agent 
brew services restart grafana-agent
```

Author: Updated the step
